c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EFileServer.dll.config
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EFileServer.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EFileServer.pdb
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\obj\Debug\EFileServer.dll
c:\users\donaldloo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\obj\Debug\EFileServer.pdb
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\obj\Debug\EFileServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EFAmesInfra_Authenticate.mdf
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Ames.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Ames.pdb
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Ames.Entities.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Ames.Entities.pdb
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EFAmesInfra_Authenticate.mdf
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EFileServer.dll.config
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EFileServer.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EFileServer.pdb
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Ames.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Ames.Entities.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Ames.Entities.pdb
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Ames.pdb
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\obj\Debug\EFileServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\obj\Debug\EFileServer.dll
D:\AMES_Git\EFileServer\EFileServer\obj\Debug\EFileServer.pdb
